routine cadet tour
Corps at five o'clock in the morning the watchman Sergey
Ivanov will remember forever twilight right
500 calmly slept by the buildings
cadets he met a bear in a matter of
minutes to the children's corps arrived
police officers from afar
I look like a dog something well
in the dark they are looking for closer
look like a bear he goes on
side of the food warehouse in a straight line we
we see it stand still and
Respectively, I leave with an employee
dining room safe finger place
I call the police and now I had to
only the territory of the building near offices
migration management and
abandoned corps began working
day to detect the bear could not
combed the territory brought
service dog
however in the conditions of a large number
foreign smells and huge
territory she did little to help
it turned out the search engines several times
passed by the beast that lurked in
ditch in dense thickets
it was discovered only in the fifth
one o'clock in the evening and here it is where the place or and
real triangle here don't wait here
here here are the bellies and the broken ones
tagged and the conclusion is good that these
trees are not here somewhere poured into a pool thin
then they stuck here the body remained
here it was safe for the surrounding
produced arrows of the animal that helped
hunter searching for a bear shot at
four times all this time pupils
not let out but considering that
sleeping training rooms are located in
single case
classes continued to cancel had
only the construction of a young bear carcass
sent to the study veterinarians
hunters there is an assumption why
the animal was close to people
the cadet corps is near
Chulyma near forests there is no as a deaf
the fence may bear swam
through chulym fishermen have seen her before and
hit the territory in one place span
the fence is just missing we have
single number 112
d d d s
which we have been around for three years
so the population
free to navigate and always
enjoy this number
dispatchers d q 112 is always capable
and knows how to redirect such
calls therefore problems in this
practically no lately this
already the sixth bear discovered in
Achinsk surroundings
but there were a lot of false news local
the hunters gathered a voluntary group
which is ready at any moment
respond to a call to the police